Create governance process (#235)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: GOVERNANCE.md

#### Current Maintainers
See [README.md](./README.md) for a list of the current project Maintainers.

#### Joining/Leaving the Maintainer Team
Maintainers volunteer to take on the role, and other members of the community may 
volunteer to join the Maintainer team at any time,
or be invited by the existing Maintainers.
Additions to the Maintainer team will be discussed and approved by the current membership.
No formal onboarding exists for new Maintainers,
but some informal onboarding can be expected from the existing Maintainers.

Maintainers may step away from the role at any time,
but are expected to communicate the decision to the whole Maintainer team
and to coordinate with other Maintainers to transfer responsibilities, e.g.
re-assign issues, resolve outstanding pull requests, etc.

### Contributors
Anyone who opens or comments on an issue or pull request,
or who provides feedback on the curriculum through another means,
is considered to be a Contributor to the project.

Maintainers are responsible for ensuring that all such contributions are credited,
e.g. on the curriculum site and/or when (and if) a release of the curriculum is made to Zenodo.

> Contributors of more singificant changed to the lesson may be invited by the Maintainers to add themselves to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors of more significant changes to the lesson may be invited by the Maintainers to add themselves to the 
```

Authors list.

## Maintainer Meetings
The Maintainer team meets frequently,
at minimum for at least 30 minutes four times per year.
Meetings provide an opportunity for Maintainers to
discuss outstanding issues and pull requests
and co-work on the project where necessary.

### Meeting schedule

> See [README.md](./README.md) for details of the current Maintainer meeting schedule.

Reviewer: This either needs to be added to the README or we just include it here. I would vote for having it here rather than the README.

Author: I agree that the meeting times should be added - I will add them to README so they are visible from the repo home page and also because the GOVERNANCE file won't change as often where as we can update the README if we change the meeting times. Fixed via 6941d73c2232f03517e26558b9e5fcb33e2a0d6e.

### Meeting agenda

> The agenda for Maintainer meetings will be prepared as a collaborative document,

Reviewer: Shall we just include the link for the current Google doc here? And then change if/when we move to a different operation model.

Author: We could add the link here but I'd again argue not to have it in the GOVERNANCE file which is probably not meant to be updated often. I can add the link to the README but we are also not required to make this document public (even if people will likely not be able to access it). Let me know what you think is preferred - a link in README or no link at all @bielsnohr.

Author: OK, I have now actually updated both README and GOVERNANCE docs with details of meetings and meetings notes. It cannot hurt to have them in both locations. Hope this is OK @bielsnohr?

Reviewer: Yep, fine by me. As you say, doesn't really hurt to have in both locations. I appreciate the `GOVERNANCE` doc probably shouldn't change that much, but I do feel that meetings are an important part of governance and some reference to them should be made here.
